well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
closing out 2020
looking forward to 2021
and uh see what's in store for us
we're going to talk about billionaires
and we're going to talk about food
and a little bit of foreshadowing the
united nations just released 100 million
dollars in funding
to help seven nations deal with their
food issues
if things don't change and change quick
in 2021 we can expect 36 to 40 countries
to have severe food and security issues
this is because of a combination of
the current state of the world economy
the public health thing
weather caused by climate issues
just a whole bunch of stuff the real
worry though
is that nation states will not come off
the cash
to help because their economies aren't
doing so great either
the price tag to stop
the famine is 5 billion dollars
the price tag to ease the malnourishment
is an additional 10
billion so we're talking about a total
of 15 billion dollars
that may not be coming from nations
all the nations in the world 15 billion
dollars
to stop with the world food program the
nobel prize winners
described as famines of biblical
proportions
they are pinning their hopes on
individual billionaires
coming forward
billionaires who probably made a small
fortune over the last year
they need 15 altruistic billionaires to
come forward that's
who has all of these people's
lives in their hands because they don't
think governments are going to do it
sounds to me like we have a little bit
of a resource management issue
sounds to me like the system's kind of
broke
in a world as plentiful as this one this
really shouldn't be a thing anymore
but it is and it's probably going to get
worse
because the system's broke and at the
end of the day
i don't necessarily think that uh
the world food program's wrong because
let's be honest
if some well-meaning congress person
proposed legislation
to help out with this
it wouldn't get through that is a
politically untenable position because
of nationalism
america first and all that why are we
helping them
now if it was 15 billion dollars for the
air force to drop stuff on them
well that'd get their congress without a
fight
but 15 billion dollars for food i don't
know about that
who are those people why should we help
them
i'm going to provide a little bit of
self-interest here
starvation causes destabilization
which causes migration
y'all remember that battle cry in the
early 2000s
we got to fight them over there so we
don't have to fight them here
yeah you better help them over there or
you're gonna end up helping them here
the world is getting smaller we are not
as insulated
from these issues as we used to be
and it is nationalism that is to blame
for this lines on a map
people thinking that because the flag
that flew over the hospital these people
were born in
is different well that somehow makes
them lesser
beyond america's borders do not live a
lesser people
15 billion dollars all the nations of
the world
may not scrape together 15 billion
dollars to stop people from starving
that's pretty disheartening that is some
pretty hard
evidence that this system is broke
if things do not change and change
pretty quickly
2020 might have been the year of the
plague
2021 will be the year of famine
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night